Add wiredTigerCacheSizeGB info to Mongo docs (#1417)
docker-library/docs: mongo/content.md

$ docker run -it --rm %%IMAGE%% --help
```

## Setting WiredTiger cache size limits

By default Mongo will set the `wiredTigerCacheSizeGB` to a value proportional to the host's total memory regardless of memory limits you may have imposed on the container. In such an instance you will want to set the cache size to something appropriate, taking into account any other processes you may be running in the container which would also utilize memory.

Taking the examples above you can configure the cache size to use 1.5GB as:

```console
$ docker run --name some-%%REPO%% -d %%IMAGE%% --wiredTigerCacheSizeGB 1.5
```

> See also https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/program/mongod/#wiredtiger-options

Reviewer: Can we adjust this to be a link instead?  For example:

```suggestion
See [the upstream "WiredTiger Options" documentation](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/program/mongod/#wiredtiger-options) for more details.
```
